This is the science of SilverStone. The stone at the heart of every Magppie Wellness Kitchen.
Magppie Wellness Kitchens are made entirely from our patented sanitised stone. Zero percent wood.
That means no trees are cut, and no harmful toxins like formaldehyde are released into your home.
The stone contains real silver and copper nano-particles, making your kitchen naturally anti-bacterial and anti-fungal.
It is termite-proof, waterproof, and fire-safe. And it comes with a twenty-five year unconditional guarantee, plus twenty-five complimentary annual services.
So, what is SilverStone? It is our patented wellness stone. We take porcelain clay, and heat it to thirteen hundred degrees Celsius.
Then we infuse it with silver and copper nano-particles. This makes it anti-bacterial, anti-fungal, and non-porous.
It is stain-proof, scratch-resistant, and impact-resistant. And it is one hundred percent food-grade. You can eat directly off it.
It is stronger than granite, and more elegant than marble.
And because it is engineered, not mined, it does not harm the environment.
Remember the key phrase. It looks like a stone, but it does not behave like a regular stone.
SilverStone. The science inside every Wellness Kitchen.